README.md, before:

#roman-numerals

## Why is this forked?

This forked version of Andrew Vos's `roman-numerals` gem is written to
convert Roman 4, 9, 14, 19, etc. using for `i`s for 4: `iiii`, as found
in medieval calendars.

## Usage
In order to use the roman numerals gem, you need to add "roman-numerals" to your Gemfile

```ruby
gem 'roman-numerals'
```

### Converting to a roman numeral
In order to convert a number to a roman numeral, call the to_roman method:

```ruby
RomanNumerals.to_roman(1)
```

### Converting to a decimal
In order to convert to a decimal from a roman numeral, call the to_decimal method

```ruby
RomanNumerals.to_decimal('I')
RomanNumerals.to_decimal('IIII')      # => ArgumentError
```

## Contributing to roman-numerals

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

## Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Andrew Vos. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

Commit message:

Update README.md for to_medieval method

README.md, after:

#roman-numerals

## Why is this forked?

This forked version of Andrew Vos's `roman-numerals` gem is written to
convert Roman 4, 9, 14, 19, etc. using for `i`s for 4: `iiii`, as found
in medieval calendars.

## Usage
In order to use the roman numerals gem, you need to add "roman-numerals" to your Gemfile

```ruby
gem 'roman-numerals'
```

### Converting to a roman numeral
In order to convert a number to a roman numeral, call the to_roman method:

```ruby
RomanNumerals.to_roman(1)
```


### Converting to a medieval roman numeral
Medieval calendars use IIII for 4. In order to convert a number to a medieval
roman numeral, call the to_medieval method:

```ruby
RomanNumerals.to_medieval(5)          # => V
RomanNumerals.to_medieval(19)         # => XVIIII
```

### Converting to a decimal
In order to convert to a decimal from a roman numeral, call the to_decimal method

```ruby
RomanNumerals.to_decimal('I')
RomanNumerals.to_decimal('IIII')      # => ArgumentError
```

## Contributing to roman-numerals

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

## Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Andrew Vos. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.
